C:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\UserInterface.exe.config
C:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\UserInterface.exe
C:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\UserInterface.pdb
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\UserInterface.exe
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\UserInterface.pdb
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.xml
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.xml
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\MusicDownloader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\HelpWindow.baml
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\HelpWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\UserInterface_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\UserInterface.g.resources
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\UserInterface.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\GOD\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MusicDownloader\UserInterface\obj\Debug\MusicDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
